feat: ability to set nova resource for nova tests generator (#235)
RonasIT/laravel-entity-generator: ReadMe.md

- `--only-tests`
- `--only-seeder`
- `--only-resource`

> - `--only-nova-tests`

Author: @DenTray not sure is necessary describe it, because is it helper for only-nova-tests flag only

- `D` delete
- `R` read (search and get by id)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Auxiliary options

> - `--nova-resource-name` - Specifies the Nova resource name when generating a test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--nova-resource-name` - Specifies the Nova resource name for the Nova tests generation. By default script will try to find the common resource class based on the entity name.
```
